Updated README.md (#29)
AMWA-TV/nmos-authorization-implementation-guide: README.md

[![Lint Status](https://github.com/AMWA-TV/nmos-template/workflows/Lint/badge.svg)](https://github.com/AMWA-TV/nmos-template/actions?query=workflow%3ALint)
[![Render Status](https://github.com/AMWA-TV/nmos-template/workflows/Render/badge.svg)](https://github.com/AMWA-TV/nmos-template/actions?query=workflow%3ARender)

> This repository holds the source for this Implementation Guide, part of the family of [Networked Media Open Specifications](https://specs.amwa.tv/nmos) from the [Advanced Media Workflow Association](https://amwa.tv)

Reviewer: >part of the family of Networked Media Open Specifications

Kind of suggests its a spec.  Maybe something like:

>This repository holds the source for this Implementation Guide, _which is a guide to_ the Networked Media Open Specifications from the Advanced Media Workflow Association

Reviewer 2: Wayward nephew? Touchy-feely uncle?

Reviewer: Probably best to leave as 'part of the family' then :)

<!-- INTRO-START -->

### What does it do?

- It's a guide for implementers who want to add NMOS Security to their NMOS Nodes and/or NMOS Controllers.
- Please note that this guide is informative and therefore is not a substitute for reading the normative specifications.

### Why does it matter?

- This implementation guide makes the job of adding NMOS Security to your implementations easier.

### How does it work?

- It details what you need to know, and the steps you need to take when implementing security.

> - It also recommends some tools to help in your implementation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- It also recommends some tools to help in your implementation.
```

### What does it do?

- It's a guide for implementers who want to add NMOS Security to their NMOS Nodes and/or NMOS Controllers.

> - Please note that this is NOT a specification and therefore none of its contents should be interpreted as normative.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Please note that this guide is informative and therefore is not a substitute for reading the normative specifications.
```
